Implement Smart Scroll Feature in MessageBox Component (#550)
patternfly/chatbot: packages/module/patternfly-docs/content/extensions/chatbot/examples/demos/AttachmentDemos.md

```

### Message auto-scrolling

> This demo displays automatic scrolling to the bottom of the MessageBox:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo shows auto-scrolling functionality, which automatically scrolls to the bottom of the active chat.
```

> 1. [`<MessageBox>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/ui#message-box) component provides an optional smart scroll behavior via the `enableSmartScroll` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To enable auto-scroll behavior pass the `enableSmartScroll` prop to the [`<MessageBox>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/ui#message-box) component.
```

> #### `enableSmartScroll` (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

When enabled:

- Scroll position is automatically managed based on user interaction.

> - Scrolling is _not_ forced to the bottom on new messages unless explicitly triggered via the `scrollToBottom()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scrolling is _not_ forced to the bottom when new messages arrive, unless explicitly triggered via the `scrollToBottom()` method.
```

- If the user scrolls up or interacts with UI controls like "Back to top" or "Back to bottom", the component pauses auto-scroll to respect user intent.
- Auto-scroll resumes only when the user scrolls back down manually or programmatically via the `scrollToBottom({resumeSmartScroll: true})` method.

> #### Imperative Methods via `ref`
> 
> When using `ref`, the component exposes the following methods:
> 
> - `scrollToBottom()` – Scrolls to the bottom of the message container.
> - `scrollToTop()` – Scrolls to the top of the message container.
> - `isSmartScrollActive()` – Returns `true` if smart auto-scroll is currently active.
> - Native `HTMLDivElement` methods like `scrollTo()` are also available.
> 
> This demo includes broader ChatBot features, including:
> 
> 1. A [`<ChatbotToggle>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/ui#toggle) that controls the [`<Chatbot>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/ui#container) container.
> 2. A `<ChatbotContent>` and [`<MessageBox>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/ui#content-and-message-box) with:
>    - A `<ChatbotWelcomePrompt>`
>    - An initial user message and initial bot message
> 3. A [`<ChatbotFooter>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/ui#footer) with a [`<ChatbotFootnote>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/ui#footnote-with-popover) and a `<MessageBar>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Imperative methods via `ref`

When using `ref`, the `<MessageBox>` component exposes the following methods:

- `scrollToBottom()`: Scrolls to the bottom of the message container.
- `scrollToTop()`: Scrolls to the top of the message container.
- `isSmartScrollActive()`: Returns `true` if smart auto-scroll is currently active.
- Native `HTMLDivElement` methods like `scrollTo()`.

This demo includes broader ChatBot features, including:

1. A [`<ChatbotToggle>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/ui#toggle) that controls the [`<Chatbot>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/ui#container) container.
2. A `<ChatbotContent>` and [`<MessageBox>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/ui#content-and-message-box) with:
   - A `<ChatbotWelcomePrompt>`
   - An initial user message and initial bot message
3. A [`<ChatbotFooter>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/ui#footer) with a [`<ChatbotFootnote>`](/patternfly-ai/chatbot/ui#footnote-with-popover) and a `<MessageBar>`
```
